opentelementry: allow passing a custom tracer provider (#3830)
strawberry-graphql/strawberry: RELEASE.md

Release type: patch

> Allow passing in a custom `TracerProvider` to the `OpenTelemetryExtension`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This releases add support for passing in a custom `TracerProvider` to the `OpenTelemetryExtension`.
```
